---
title: "2020 in Review"
excerpt: "A recap."
date: "2020-03-16T05:35:07.322Z"
---

## [Music](https://www.last.fm/user/Pixelzerox/library/albums?from=2020-01-01&to=2020-12-31)

### Punisher by Phoebe Bridgers

It took me a few listens to warm to Punisher. It's an album that requires attention to appreciate,
something I failed to give it properly earlier in the year. Much of the beauty is in the slight,
gentle production. "Graceland Too", a sombre folk ballad, and "I Know The End", with it's
quiet-after-the-apocalypse chill followed by a build to the dramatic repetition of "the end is
here", cap the album perfectly.

### Shore by Fleet Foxes

Shore feels is a perfect amalgamation of the folkier, tender sound of his earlier releases with just
a touch of the more experimental sound of Crack-Up. It has an upbeat peacefulness to it, evoking
those end-of-the-summer days spent reminiscing about the summer just gone, while the days start to
get slightly longer, and the sunlight runs out half an hour earlier than you want it to.

### Lament by Touché Amoré

Raw, energetic, angsty. Listening to Lament feels like a release, like taking a load off. The
closer, "A Forecast", manages to be open and revealing about Jeremy's abandonment after the last
album whist opening as a surprisingly humorous ballad. A near perfect album.

### Unfold the God Man by Psychonaut

I'm very particular when it comes to anything with a post- or prog- prefix. A lot of the music in
the post- genres has such a homogenous feeling that it's hard to get passionate about individual
albums or tracks, I'd rather just throw on a post-rock playlist and enjoy the music as a background.
Often, a great prog- album only pays off when given time and attention, so I tend to stick to
old-faithfuls that I've already invested in and know back-to-front, or artists that I know will
reward my investment. With Unfold the God Man, the aggression grabs your attention out of the gate,
and doesn't let up. It's hard to listen without wanting to get physically involved. It manages to
draw influence from prog in song structure, without resorting to the often egregious displays of
technical mastery found in, say, a modern Haken album. Almost every track has the escalating build
of a great Tool track, though much like their latest album Fear Inoculum, it does occasionally cross
over the fine line between consistency and repetitiveness. Despite the 70-minute run time, each of
the nine tracks avoid overstaying their welcome, and I found myself playing the album through
back-to-back.

### RTJ4 by Run The Jewels

Musically, a tighter package than RTJ3. Lyrically, a perfect mix between brash rap bravado, and an
activist message that's more relevant that ever, a message only exacerbated by the tragic-irony of
it being recorded long before the killing of George Floyd and following protests for which, to me,
it became the soundtrack. "A Few Words For The Firing Squad (Radiation)" serves as the perfect
closers, a swelling, building, jazz-infused reflection on balancing family and their involvement in
social equality movements.

Funkwhale.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore
et dolore magna aliqua. Praesent elementum facilisis leo vel fringilla est ullamcorper eget. At
imperdiet dui accumsan sit amet nulla facilities morbi tempus. Praesent elementum facilisis leo vel
fringilla. Congue mauris rhoncus aenean vel. Egestas sed tempus urna et pharetra pharetra massa
massa ultricies.

Venenatis cras sed felis eget velit. Consectetur libero id faucibus nisl tincidunt. Gravida in
fermentum et sollicitudin ac orci phasellus egestas tellus. Volutpat consequat mauris nunc congue
nisi vitae. Id aliquet risus feugiat in ante metus dictum at tempor. Sed blandit libero volutpat sed
cras. Sed odio morbi quis commodo odio aenean sed adipiscing. Velit euismod in pellentesque massa
placerat. Mi bibendum neque egestas congue quisque egestas diam in arcu. Nisi lacus sed viverra
tellus in. Nibh cras pulvinar mattis nunc sed. Luctus accumsan tortor posuere ac ut consequat semper
viverra. Fringilla ut morbi tincidunt augue interdum velit euismod.

## Lorem Ipsum

Tristique^[whoop.] senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis. Ridiculous mus mauris vitae
ultricies leo integer malesuada nunc vel. In mollis nunc sed id semper. Egestas tellus rutrum tellus
pellentesque. Phasellus vestibulum lorem sed risus ultricies tristique nulla. Quis blandit turpis
cursus in hac habitasse platea dictumst quisque. Eros donec ac odio tempor orci dapibus ultrices.
Aliquam sem et tortor consequat id porta nibh. Adipiscing elit duis tristique sollicitudin nibh sit
amet commodo nulla. Diam vulputate ut pharetra sit amet. Ut tellus elementum sagittis vitae et leo.
Arcu non odio euismod lacinia at quis risus sed vulputate.

Here is a footnote reference[^1], another[^†], and optionally there are inline notes.^[you can type
them inline, which may be easier, since you don’t have to pick an identifier and move down to type
the note.]

[^1]: Here is the footnote.
[^†]: Here’s one with multiple blocks.

    Subsequent paragraphs are indented to show that theybelong to the previous footnote.

        { some.code }

    The whole paragraph can be indented, or just the first line. In this way, multi-paragraph
    footnotes work like multi-paragraph list items.

This paragraph won’t be part of the note, because it isn’t indented. Hm.
